Run dbt rpc when destination is not supported (#61)
fivetran/dbt-language-server: docs/WindowsSupport.md

    ARG VARIANT="hirsute"
    FROM mcr.microsoft.com/vscode/devcontainers/base:0-${VARIANT}
    ```

> 1. Create `./.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file in your project's root folder and paste the following content (see [the Devcontainer.json Reference documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/devcontainerjson-reference) for more information) (**note**: replace *dbt-bigquery* with your adapter like *dbt-postgres*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create `./.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file in your project's root folder and paste the following content (see [the Devcontainer.json Reference documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/devcontainerjson-reference) for more information) (**note**: replace *dbt-bigquery* with your adapter, such as *dbt-postgres*).
```

> 1. Create `./.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file in your project's root folder and paste the following content (see [the Devcontainer.json Reference documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/devcontainerjson-reference) for more information) (**note**: replace *dbt-bigquery* with your adapter, such as *dbt-postgres*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create `./.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file in your project's root folder and paste the following content (see [the Devcontainer.json Reference documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/devcontainerjson-reference) for more information). **Note**: replace *dbt-bigquery* with your adapter, such as *dbt-postgres*.
```

> 1. Create `./.devcontainer/devcontainer.json` file in your project's root folder and paste the following content (see [the Devcontainer.json Reference documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/devcontainerjson-reference) for more information) (**note**: replace <u><i>dbt-bigquery</i></u> with your adapter like <i><u>dbt-postgres</i></u>).

Author: Fixed. Now it is just italic.
